Private Norman - Firepower perk
Sargent Phillipes - Stealth perk
Doctor Charles - Medical Perk




The years 1998, America declared war on the world in 1978. For the past 20 years every country has attempted to come together to take down the superpower.
You were apart of an elite operation to infiltrate the states and wreak as much havok as possible in the city of providence rhode island. You are part of 
an elite operative named Polar-Force. You are.. BEHIND ENEMY LINES.




.



(decline the call)
P.Norman    \
S.Phillipes  - You go back to sleep.. But then all around you bombs go off as your camp is attacked by Muricans, the american soldiers. YOU DIE
D.Charles   /

(Toss in a revine)
P.Norman    \
S.Phillipes  - As you wind up your arm and run to the edge to throw the radio you let go and realize you forgot to take the wrist strap off and you 
D.Charles   /  fall off the cliff... YOU DIE.


(answer the call)
P.Norman    \  You are sent on an operation to wreak havoc in the city of Rhode Island. Polar-Force is a death squad.
S.Phillipes  - Outside Rhode island you and your squad of 8 accidentatlly snuck into an old mine field from the battle fought there many years ago,
D.Charles   /  your commanding officer died. You are the new commanding officer
	1) Continue through the minefield	2) Cut left	3) Cut right
1. You perservere through the minefield make it to the end although another one of your men perished due to a mine, Private Wilson has died.
2. You cut left but stumble into an army post, the sniper spots you and sirens go off. You are surrounded and all of your men are shot. YOU DIE.
3. You cut right, this turned out to be a good decision because you find the back of a building blown out and it provides a safe entrance into the city. 

1. (6 poeple left) A sniper outpost lies ahead with 3 units on it, one of them is in the tower with a radio. You have two silenced sniper rifles, grappling hooks and a bazooka, all of which may be used
to help take out the tower, take your pick.
1)Snipe them 2)3 people grapple 3)Use the bazooka 4)*Phillipes* Stealth
2...
3.(7 people left)Your unit has entered into an abandoned meth factory, you salvage dangerous chemicals to make improvised explosives. One of your men has stopped a 
military transport truck coming down the road with an escort.
1)Use explosives 2)Ambush 3)Let them pass 4)*Norman* Firepower

(6 people left)
1.1.One of your snipers hits, the other wounds and the alarm goes off. A dozen trucks with mounted machine guns search the area and find you
... YOU DIE
1.2.Three units are covering while you take 2 with you to grapple onto the snipers nest. All appears well untill one of the enemy hears you and tries cutting 
the lines, he cuts one sucessfully before you shoot him in the face. At this point its a mad rush to the top. Your two snipers on the ground subdue one of them and u leap over the edge 
and eliminate the last soldier who sounded the alarm, reinforcements are inbound.
1.3. You do not want to risk any of your soldiers and decide that a bazooka would be most convininent. You blow up the tower but it now provides a beacon 
for the american soldiers, at least you didn't lose anyone.
1.4. *Phillipes* You think the grappling hook provides too much risk so instead you take off all your equipment aside from 3 perfectly balanced knives and scaleit with gloves to muffle the sound. 
Once you reach the top you eliminate every target without making a sound and make your way back down but you accidentaly trip a wire based alarm.

(7 people left)
3.1 You command one of your men to prepare explosives, this proves a bad idea when he carelessly drops one and the whole building blows up ... YOU DIE.
3.2 Along the road your men setup for an ambush and you push a broken down car in the middle of the road to obstruct the stransport
3.3 As you allow the truck to pass one of the men on the convoy stops your men hiding and reports it to his officer. The oofficer does nothing so when your 
men and you come out of hiding in a false sense of security the men from the transport truck ambush you... YOU DIE
3.4 You tell your men to hide a few alleys down and you alone, prepare explosives, set them, and then lay low in a broken-down car. As the convoy rolls over you detonate the bomb allong with the truck. You were very successful.

1.1...

1.2 You are faced with a difficult decision, you must do something to save your men, you can....
	1) Call men up 		2) Climb down		3) Hold	

1.3 You blew up the outpost And now sirens are going off in the distance, you see a sewer pipe large enough for someone to walk comfortably through and you and your men go in but there is a forked path, you can hear the sound of pursuers behind you. What will you do
	1) Left 		2)  Right		3) Fight

1.4  ***make this go to 1.2*** you are faced with a difficult decision, you must do something to save your men, you can
	1) Call men up		2) Climb down		3) Hold

3.1...

3.2 The convoy halts at the truck and 4 men walk out to try pushing the car out of the way. The driver steps out and starts to smoke. Your next decision is crucial, how should you start the engagement?.
	1) Stealth		2) Grenades		3) Weapons

3.3...

3.4 *** ***You are running wildly back to your men, who are waiting for you and you depart but there is alot of obstruction trying to travel off the main road, soon its become clear there is a group of men lurking around near by
 cause you can hear them but you have no idea where they are. By the sounds of it there could be up to 20 or more men and you know this could end things if you stumble across them un-prepared. When you come to an 
 alley with a left turn, right turn or a ladder you must make a decision beause it is not clear from which direction the noise is coming from.
 	1) Left 		2) Right 		3) Ladder

1.2.1 You call your men up and order them to equip long ranged weapons only, as a response unit drives past the building in search of you another truck is sent to the outpost to conduct an investigation. With one glance it is clear that the outpost is being occupied and rather than risk it a soldier from the truck
pulls out an RPG, you yell at your men to stop him but too late.. YOU DIE
1.2.2 You climb down and rejoin your men, the first thing you do is look to the city for safety and then an objective. You evade the response team sent to investigate the tower by finding a high up rooftop.
From the rooftop you can see a base camp for the muricans and talk to the men about how they can destroy it. You climb down from the roof when the heat goes away but you still need to find a way to get to the enemy base.
1.2.3 Everyone stays where they are and prepares to ambush the response team sent out by the muricans, Everyone lays low but it becomes clear that the men on the ground have no idea what to do with their commander on the tower so they are simply waiting.. the truck approaches.

1.3.1 You take the left tunnel which leads out into a large pond in the middle of town, there doesnt appear to be any enemy activity so you and your men step out and head for the nearest tall building to get some bearings and to make a plan of action.
1.3.2 You take the right tunnel and it leads to a waterfall the fall doesnt look inpossible but in the back of their minds they all realize this means they are going to be jumping into sewage run-off.
Epicly him and his men jump off the cliff as the muricans appraoch behind them and the moment when everyone is in the air is a truely heroic one untill you hit the water which turns out to be shallow, underneath is series of  bars arranged to filter the liquid through. You and your men crumple as each of you hit the "water"
as the last of your men hit the ground and shatters his body your journey ends... YOU DIE
1.3.3 You stand and fight, but the crampted tunnels and darkness is not a very ideal situation to be fighting in, as they approach your men have standing orders not to fire untill you can see the faces of the men you are to eliminate. The muricans were caught by surprise and you only lost one man in the engagment. Reinforcements are coming now,
by the sounds of it many more men are running down this hallway.

3.2.1 Yout attempt to stealthily eliminate the 5 men but it proves too much a few of your men were out of sync with eachother and 2 of them didn't die as all around them their comrades fell, with frantic shouting a dozen armed men hop out from the back and one goes up into the mounted gun
on the top of the truck, you and your men are slaughtered, a real bloodbath... YOU DIE.
3.2.2 The truck is very heavily armored and you are certain simply the action of grenades wont be enough but if everyone throws them under the truck perhaps that'll be adequate to destroy the truck. So as you yell "VOLLEY!" You and your men all lob grenades under the truck, the initial
reaction of the men trying to move the truck is to face the men jumping out of alleys and from behind various objects untill a resinating sound emminates from behind them and the force of the explosion lifts them off their feet.
But no sooner did the explosion go off you hear a screeching from tires nearby and the frantic honking of a large sounding vehicle.
3.2.3 2 snipers on a roof 1 with a light machine gun, and everyone one else with a grenade and an assault riffle.  The four men are almost done pushing the car out of the way when you order the attack, first two snipers go off the sound of the snipers still ringing in everyones ears as 2 bodies hit the ground, your light machine gunner jumps on top of the
broken down car and starts suurpressing fire on the retreating men, your soldiers take up defensive stations behind sturdy abojects or behind the corner of alleys and a firefight insues.
A dozen heavily armed men hop out of the back to join the 3 already fighting, despite the odds your snipers are doing a wonderful job of keeping one side surpressed and the light machine gunner the other side. But 15 outnumber your 7, The turning point of the fight is after you have slain 4 more of their men they get a sniper of their own who picks of one of your snipers followed
by a grenade that eliminates the other who wasn't paying attention due to the shock of his brothers blood on his face. With a devastating explostion is body is hurled over the edge and crumbles on the ground, men start pouring out of the left side of the truck while one goes back into the truck to secure a position in the mounte machine gun. Whatever good our light machinegunner was doing was shortly lived after his body was 
torn to pieces from the sheer force of huge 50.caliber rounds penetrating his body. Coming from both sides of the armored truck now you a monted machine gun on the top 2 of your men die anfter each killing 2 muricans and only you and Pvt.Danton are left. Danton is a newblood, not a single mark from battle on his helmet or his body, but  he is eager. One look in the ferocity of his eyes and they both know they will fight to the death.
Backed into a corner they both throw a grenade at the 4 men approaching down the alley, 2 of them die instantly and the other two are quickly slain. You leap out in time to see their commanding officer cooking a grenade, as he throws it you shoot him and the grende flies way up over you and your Private's head. The grenade explodes and tears down part of the building with it, crushing Private Danton.. With a battle cry you go into over drive and 
run at the mounted machine gunner and sniper, by some miracle you make it to the truck and throw another grenade inside of it and run away. The explotion of the truck tears every thought from your mind and lifts you high into the air, The entire convoy is death but so is Polar-force. As you get up you realise shrapnel is comming out of your stomach and all you want to do is go back to home base and sleep.

3.4.1 You take a left and it curves into a clearing filled with men all silent and staring at you... YOU DIE
3.4.2 You take a right and it curves into a clearing filled with men all silent and staring at you.. YOU DIE
3.4.3 You climb the ladder and peer over the edge there is a huge clearing filled with men, through a small hole you count over 25 deadly equipped warriors


1.2.1...
1.2.2 You begin your journey towards the base camp but soon realize food is becoming a problem. You stop at a local food store but as the intell indicated each food store has guards and one "Goliath Guard" a very heavily armored light machine gunner with full bulletproff body armour. You have a few options, 
	1) Raid 		2) Sneak 		3) Diversion  	
1.2.3 You must decide what your order is going to be..
	1) Attack 		2) Hold 		3) Rouse	

1.3.1 Atop the building you see everything, including large amounts of fire indicating a large gathering of men or a base camp.
	1) Head For camp	2) Hold 		3) Light a beacon		
1.3.2...
1.3.3 The significantly larger group of reinforcements are inbound, 
	1) Left 		2) Right		3) Fight

3.2.1...
3.2.2 The unknown large vehicle is inbound but there are still a few muricans laying on the ground who are still alive,
	1) Flee			2) Finish the men 	3) Fight
3.2.3 Lathered in layers of blood both of your men and yourself you stumble for many hours trying to get back to your base camp, after much effort and exertion you finally make it. You are welcomed back but not before having your arm and your leg amputated. Its 20 years later and you have been dealing with Post-Traumantic Stress Dissorder
dissorder and have suffered every day since your men were lost, you have nightmares and can barely function with your dissability. All proves too much so on the anniversary of the slaughter you feel there is only on thing to do, you pull out the gun pressented at the ceremony of your honourable disscharge and put it in yout mouth... 
	1) Pull the trigger	2) Pull the trigger	3) Pull the trigger
3.4.1...
3.4.2...
3.4.3 Your men are all gathered but what decision is to be had?
	1) Attack		2) Wait 		3) Double back



1.2.2.1 You decided to raid the store but as all your men jump out from their cover you can see left and right all your men hitting the ground.. you underestimated that Goliath Guard and all of a sudden... YOU DIE.
1.2.2.2 You attempt to sneak in through the back and it proves succesfull with plenty of food you and your men return to the roof top and enjoy the fruits of war. 
1.2.2.3 One of your men goes off and riggs a car with a proximity remote detonater. As the explosion goes off the Goliath Guard leaves to investigate, all your men run into the store shooting the few guards inside and grab as much food as you can. But as you come out of the building you can see the Goliath Guard holding up Pvt. Tanner who went to
rig the car explosive and your first instict is to shoot the guard, so you do but your bullets barely penetrate his armour so instead you resort to a brute tactic of jumping on him untill he is weighed down and maybe try to stab him with a knife you order your men to follow suit and they do.
 As your all wrestling him to the ground Private Tanner breaks lose and they all begin cutting away the many layers of armour on the Goliath but the armour has a failsafe and there is a thin layer filled with a jell chemical that, when mixed with air oxidizes and explodes into a freezing agent.
 As one of your men hits this layer a sheet of ice enveleopes you and your men and you are all frozen, captured in your last glorious moments.. YOU DIE

1.2.3.1 You order your men to attack but without your leadership down there they die quite easily and after killing your men turn their attention to you trying to climb down and dispose of you rather quickly you fall very far and... YOU DIE 
1.2.3.2 Your men hold their position but one of them are discovered, the man who was discovered freaked and attempted to draw a knife on the soldier who shot him and te man who tried to stop him all your men are killed and them you are shot off the railing of the tower... YOU DIE
1.2.3.3 You indicate to your men to perform a rouse, you and your men have rouses and you command rouse 2 to be used. Your men all walk into the middle of a clearing with a white flag and weapons holstered and wait for the muricans to capture them, as they do so you sneak down and eliminate the guards, with a whistle your "captured" men pull conceiled knives from 
the lining of their gloves and eliminate the ones attempting to hold them hostage. In the confusion none of the soldiers thought to sound any kind of an alarm and you and your men are safe. 

1.3.1.1 You head directly for camp but a patrolling helicopter sees you sinse you took such a direct route and the huge guns on the choper shoot through the feeble wall you and your men were using as cover. As your men start errupting into fountains of blood you too get decimated by the lare rounds and fall to the ground... YOU DIE.
1.3.1.2 You hold your position and order your men to go to sleep, but its too hard even for the watchmen to stay aware and as men start swarming ontop of buildings ajacent to yours you realize what is coming, you shout to your men to get off the rooftop but not before the crossfire begins and your men are shredded... YOU DIE.
1.3.1.3 You light a beacon that signals to your base to send reinforcements there but it also provides a beacon to your enemies you know this so your men and you depart hastily but stick around to see if anything happens.

1.3.3.1 You take the left tunnel which leads out into a large pond in the middle of town, there doesnt appear to be any enemy activity so you and your men step out and head for the nearest tall building to get some bearings and to make a plan of action.
1.3.3.2 You take the right tunnel and it leads to a waterfall the fall doesnt look inpossible but in the back of their minds they all realize this means they are going to be jumping into sewage run-off.
Epicly him and his men jump off the cliff as the muricans appraoch behind them and the moment when everyone is in the air is a truely heroic one untill you hit the water which turns out to be shallow, underneath is series of  bars arranged to filter the liquid through. You and your men crumple as each of you hit the "water"
as the last of your men hit the ground and shatters his body your journey ends... YOU DIE
1.3.3.3 With a glorious charge you and your men run down the sewers at the reinforcements, the muricans are so surprised that the dont fire, your men all with their guns on their backs and long gutting knives in each hand begin chopping limbs from body, heads from neck organs from stomach but the muricans retreat a bit then form a firing line and let
loose and fired on all your men including the enemies that couldn't get untangled from your men, as the firing line fires all the knives once in your soldiers hands are thrown and the line is dispersed but not before eliminating half of your men, but its no too late. Your men draw their weapons and fire back. You make it out but with only 3 other men.

3.2.2.1 You flee and as your sprinting down the long road you can hear the vehicle bust through the smoldering remains of the other one and with a deafining roar 2 huge mounted machine guns and a small cannon are firing on the backs of your men, before more than 2 of your men were shot dead, bits of you were scattered everywhere as you were blown up by the canon... YOU DIE.
3.2.2.2 Before running away you put 6 bullets into the heads of the men on the ground, 2 for each and then run away. But soon after you hear the vehicle in pursuit behind you but you don't get a chance to see it cause you of all your men are the first to call to the cannon muounte on it... YOU DIE
3.2.2.3 You station one of your men to lay  on the ground near the destroyed vehicle knowning that whoever was coming would jump out to investigate at the sight of a wounded enemy soldier that appeared dissarmed, as the man operating the light assault vehicle steps out with a pistol he approaches your "injured" soldier only to be greeted with a bullted through the heart, 
your men come pouring out and eliminate in quick succesion the 4 operatiors inside the vehicle.. You now posses a large assault vehicle and your men hijack it.

3.2.3.1 *YOU WON* .. but .. YOU DIE
3.2.3.2 *YOU WON* .. but .. YOU DIE
3.2.3.3 *YOU WON* .. but .. YOU DIE

3.4.3.1 A full frontal assault in hopes that the men below aren't prepared and may be slaughtered like cattle, this proves FALSE as your men are disposed of. Although they did put up a wicked fight and as your last soldier died they take you hostage but only by blowing your pistol out of your hand by simply shooting your whole arm off. but even with one arm you took down 3 more men with your reliable knife, after a week of torture and interrogation you died a hero, 
having let nothing slip and dying with dignity... YOU DIE.
3.4.3.2 You wait around for some indication that its appropriate to attack and as you get weary you hear gunfire, you risk a glance and see the Arctic Foxhounds another death squad lead by the stoick french-canadiene Fracois Larchandrise. His men all have fierce cries stretched upon their face and with glee you jump over the side with your men and join the fray. For once you win a battle quite easily and after the fight you speak to Francois while everyone is gathered around the fire with 
alot of food and drink.
3.4.3.3 As you double back you cross a street and much to your missfortune there is a tank in the distance and the tank with one mighty blow from it, sends a large shell straight at your men but it misses and its the building beside you, unfortunately the building collapses and everyone to your knowledge is crushed.. YOU DIE.

1.2.2.1...
1.2.2.2 With your bellies full you must decide what to do, the enemy camp is very close but what direction will you take, none of them present any immediate danger.
		1) Straight		2) Left			3) Right
1.2.2.3...


1.2.3.1...
1.2.3.2...
1.2.3.3  With equipment salvaged from the dead soldiers you take a map off their commander with routes that lead back to their base camp. You quickly rally everyone together and begin forth but there is no direction that appears to have any danger.
		1) North route		2) West route		3) South route

1.3.1.1...
1.3.1.2...
1.3.1.3 A group of men come to investigate, but when they got there so did a response helicopter from your own home base. A skirmish takes place before your eyes what will you do?
		1) Help			2) Observe		3) Retreat


1.3.3.1 From the building you can see the enemy camp but there are groups of men patrolling the grounds leading up the hill to it, each route presents danger but which shall you take.
		1) North route		2)North-West route		3) West route
1.3.3.2...
1.3.3.3 Covered in blood you and your men are low on supplies but luckily the truck that the men arrived in is parked near the entrance and its filled with ample supplies. 
	You turn to your men and order them to prepare, the coordinates to the enemy camp are marked and you are about to raid it. The only decision is how,
		1) North gate		2) Hills		3) Split up

3.2.2.1...
3.2.2.2...
3.2.2.3 Even though you have acquired such a fiersome vehicle you must still decide what to do with it. You could station it on the hill near the enemy base indicated on your monitor or you could simply attack, maybe even sneak in.
		1)Station		2) Attack		3) Sneak

3.2.3.1...
3.2.3.2...
3.2.3.3...

3.4.3.1...
3.4.3.2  While discussing a plan with Francois you realize that Francois's men are in possesion of a large helicopter, attack class. So you mount up and as your hovering over the base all of francois men are in turrets that run along the helicopter.
What shall your men do during the attack
		1) Turrets		2) Grapple		3) Parachute
3.4.3.3...


1.2.2.2.1 You head straight but unfortunatly land yourselves into a mine field. Theinitial explosion of the corporal to your left indicates this. This close to the enemy camp proves fatal because all eyes are now faced in your direction and you cannot just run but as the mortar shell ignites the ground around you all your men scatter.
it is a minefield however and all your men including yourself succomb to the explosions.. YOU DIE
1.2.2.2.2 You take a left and it brings you to a pipe that leads straight to the enemy camp. Near the exit of the pipe is a tent, you and your men sneak  into the tent and find a large amount of highly reactive chemical explosives.
You are in a crucial chokepoint of the city that has provided the Americans with the advantage to hold this city. Each of you envoke your vows that you took when you joined this deathsquad and go your seperate ways.. Each person in your unit split up to hit a high value target or building as as he last explosion goes off its your turn
With a war cry you jump out from underneath a car and charge the field commanders tent. You are shot dead within seconds but as the commander comes out of his tent he pushs you over and the charge on your body goes off killing the commander.. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.. YOU DIE.
1.2.2.2.3 Yuu take the right route and accidentally fall under the scope of a sniper squad, every last one of your soldiers fall in sync as the squadron of snipers let loose their deadly shells... YOU DIE


1.2.3.3.1 You take the north route but very shortly you realize everything is too quiet. There should be much more men now that you are soo close to the enemy base all of a sudden you hear thunder rolling over before huge bombs fall from the sky and the enormous Flying-Fortress bombers fly away... YOU DIE.
1.2.3.3.2 You take the west route and come across an airfield stationed very close to their base. There are a few Flying Fortress bombers and you an your men hijack them, with these new bombers you take off, without clearance sirens go off but your too close to the enemy base for them to do much.
The enemy does have on AA gun and it is in overdrive trying to shoot your 2 bombers out of the sky, back and forth you and your men bomb the base, but your bomber gets shot down.. You did devastating amounts of damage and cleared the base.. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.. YOU DIE
1.2.3.3.3 You take the south route.. This route leads you to a frozen lake, you and your men decide to perserviere and cross it. The ice is very thick but when a squad spots you trying to cross the fire their weapons and the ice proves to difficult to manouver on.
As your men panick the ice begins to break and the weight of all your equipment and the water weigh you down, you sink to the bottom of the floor and feel the last few breaths escape your lungs.. YOU DIE.

1.3.1.3.1 Eager to help you and your men jump into the fray, but being engaged in the combat left you unaware to the enemy reinforcements flanking you, they get a squadron of soldiers on a building behind you and together send rounds of bullets in your backs. They also shoot down the helicopter by 
hitting it with a harpoon gun tied down to the infrastructure of the building, The helicopter tries to break lose but the infrastructure proves sturdy and the chopper goes down. the explosion creates a shockwave that envelopes you... YOU DIE
1.3.1.3.2 You allow the helicopter to start the fight without showing yourself and notice there is a squad of enemies with a very menacing looking harpoon gun designed to shoot down a helicopter attempting to flank your allies. Instead of joining the fight you cut off the enimies. This is wise for without 
the reinforcements the enemies attacking the chopper are crushed. After the men you ambushed are all dealt with the men inside the helicopter help you and together you bomb the enemy base. After the base is cleared your men along with your new allies are ordered to hold it till your men can occupie that part of the city... MISSION ACCOMPLISHED ... SURVIVED
1.3.1.3.3 As you are retreating you hear the sond of the helicopter exploding, you and your men stay a moment to see the fireworks and decide to double back, make a stand in the name of those who just died to help you, but without the support frmo the chopper you and your men are overwhelmed.. YOU DIE.

1.3.3.1.1 North route, You trek up the hill but a sniper spots you and flaggs your area for a bombing run, oblivious you are clueless of the imminent threat untill it is too late.. YOU DIE.
1.3.3.1.2 North-West route, Takes you thorugh a barb wire field you are half way through when one of your men starts to spazum, as one of your other men perform mouth to mouth he too dies, you realize with horror that it was because some skin was exposed to the barb wire that also has been conducting electricity
as your men begin to panich the hasten their pace which proves reckless you try ordering them to get a grip but as you grab ahold of one of your men he touches a wire and the electric current fries you from the inside.. YOU DIE
1.3.3.1.3 West route, Turns out to be a good decision, you don't encounter any enemies along your journey and even come across a large hold in the wall. Its large enough for you to wlak through and brings you to their command post. Their general
is currently in that tent so without further notice you and your men cut a hold through the back and capture him. You now posses a valuable bargaining chip and end the occupation simply by holding him hostage.. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED... SURVIVED

1.3.3.3.1 You head for the North gate and ram it down, you are met with alot of resistance but you and your men make it through the thick of it. with two of your men staying in the truck in the mounted machine gun you take the rest of your men and head for the field commanders establishment. Royal guards are ahead and stop you,
you are outmatched but still there is a chance. Behind you, you can hear shouting than an explosion as the truck your men were occupying is reduced to ashes. Now from the front and the back you are being assaulted and your will crumbles.
you fall to your knees and behind you, you can hear someone approaching before your eyes one of your men's throats are slit before you too feel the icy blade against your skin... YOU DIE.
1.3.3.3.2 You head up the hill and start bombarding the camp with the weapons on the truck but it provides a target for everyone in the camp. From below every single soldier aims their gun at you and its not long before a critical part of the vehicle is hit and everyone smolders to ashes as the heat washs over you.
1.3.3.3.3 You man the truck stationed at the entrance where there is a choke point and you send a few of your men to take advantage of the distraction you are gonna be providing. As you and 2 others start firing at everything that moves your men make a break for the commander and disarm the entire force by capturing the commander. All your enemies lay down their arms and evacuate with thei leader help hostage... MISSION ACCOMPLISHED .. SURVIVED.

3.2.2.3.1 You decide to station the vehicle at an advantage point while you lead a small group of men to the camp, the soldiers in the vehicle have standing orders to execute. You and your men have snuck in through the back and made it near the commanders tent but you need a distraction to allow you to attempt a takeover. 
Large explosions fill the air as your men in the vehicle bombard the camp. Men stationed near the commanders tent are diverted and leave the area, nows the time for you to strike. Its easy and you take control of the enemy commander and hold him hostage. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED... SURVIVED
3.2.2.3.2 You attack the outpost but little did you know that you lay in the crosshairs of the mortars and are obliterated before you could deal much damage... YOU DIE.
3.2.2.3.3 You take your full force and sneak in through a hole in the back of the camps wall, its not easy but much of your mission so far hasn't been obstructed by enemies. You turn a corner and see the commanders tent, you've come so far and you are so close but you understand nows the time to succeed or fail.
You and your men cut a hole through the back of the tent but stumble into a guard he yells and the commander runs out of the tent blowing a whistle, as reinforcements come to his aid all your men franticly  throw themselves at the commander in hopes to get a chance to kill him, all around you your men fall but one of them private ryan manages to shoot him.
The commander falls and the MISSIONs ACCOMPLISHED... but .. YOU DIE.

3.4.3.2.1 Your men each take a turret and begin the hailstorm but with only one target the helicopter sustains heavy damage and as one engine blows out you spin out of control, everyone makes it to the parachutes but the hanger doors won't open, everyone dies when it hits the ground.. YOU DIE.
3.4.3.2.2 You and your men prepare to grapple down a few minutes into the assault and as you are grappling down you begin to swing, dangerously. The helicopter sets ablaze and draggs all your men down with it. One by one they hit the ground smooshing all over the place from the force of being yanked by a chopper that weighs a few tons.
3.4.3.2.3 Immediatly you parachute down from the helicopter as you hover over the enemy base. With cover from the helicopter the enemy fire is diverted drastically and you only loose one man.
You touch ground near the enemy's commander tent, inside there is little resistance and you assassinate the commander. The chopper picks you up and you ride it all the way back to base, with the commanders death the moral of the enemy crumbles.. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.. SURVIVED.



